Oh, Utsunya, you're not coming out.
There's a lot of them, so I have to hit them.
If you hit them, they'll come out.
I see. If you hit them, they'll come out.
Did you invent this machine?
What?
Isn't that right?
Of course.
If you can think of something like this,
you're a fool for doing Utsunya.
If you hit them, they'll come out.
It's like a shouzu-bashi of Umegae.
Hey, Utsunya, I can't come out.
The machine broke down.
Give me the other one.
It's a big trouble.
The udon is all red.
It's hot.
I can't eat it.
What are you talking about?
I like spicy food.
You like it, so give it to me.
I can't eat it.
I'm surprised you can't eat it.
I'm surprised.
My eyes and nose are swollen.
I can't eat it.
My eyes are swollen, but my nose is swollen.
Wait for me.
I'll get my nose stuck in your mouth.
I can't eat it.
Give it to me.
I'll give it to you.
I'm surprised.
My udon is all red.
I can't eat it.
Give it to me.
Give me some water.
I was surprised.
How much is it?
I'll take 10,000 yen.
I can't eat it.
I'm surprised.
I'll take 10,000 yen.
I'll give it to you.
I don't have any money.
I'll earn the first 100 yen.
I'm a company that sells Nabe-yaki udon.
You're a good person.
You can wear any hat and walk around.
Udon shop.
What is that?
I was surprised.
Everyone uses the udon.
There are really bad people.
It's not good at this time.
Let's go home.
It's cold.
I'm sorry.
Nabe-yaki udon.
Hello, udon shop.
Thank you.
How much is it?
I'll give you a few.
I'm sleeping.
Please be quiet.